c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\EDIAutomation.exe.config
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\obj\Debug\EDIAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\EDIAutomation.exe
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\EDIAutomation.pdb
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Excel.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\NetOffice.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Excel.pdb
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.xml
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\NetOffice.xml
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.xml
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.xml
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\obj\Debug\EDIAutomation.exe
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\obj\Debug\EDIAutomation.pdb
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\BusinessFacade.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Simple.Data.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\BusinessFacade.pdb
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\ServiceCodeDataAccess.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\ServiceCodeDataAccess.pdb
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Simple.Data.Ado.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Simple.Data.Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\satish\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EDIAutomation\EDIAutomation\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
